Shielded RM spec (#390)
anoma/nspec: docs/arch/system/state/shielded_resource_machine/compliance.md

# Compliance

> 

Reviewer: Should we distinguish between the different types of compliance units? 2-sized, variable-size and sigmabus? For variable and sigmabus, the created nonces are computed differently. (If being spec-first not a priority, we should remember to update this part at a later moment.)

Author: In the future versions!

> Each compliance unit contains one consumed and one created resource. The resources in the compliance unit are bound to each other: the nonce of the created resource is the nullifier of the consumed resource. This allows to ensure uniqueness of the created resource commitment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each compliance unit contains one consumed and one created resource. The resources in the compliance unit are bound to each other: the nonce of the created resource is the nullifier of the consumed resource. This ensures uniqueness of the created resource commitment assuming uniqueness of the corresponding nullifier.
```

Author: The nullifier is unique since the commitment is unique, we don't need to assume it, I think

Reviewer 2: > The nullifier is unique since the commitment is unique

I meant the nullifier of the consumed resource in the corresponding compliance unit.

Author: And that nullifier was computed from the commitment, and that commitment was computed using the nonce which was the nullifier of a previous consumed resource back when the resource was created. This repeated many times until we are back to the very beginning where the commitment was unique because there were no other commitments before that

Reviewer 2: After discussions, we seem to agree that we can keep it as is given. Basically here we assume the user knows that this statement makes sense because nullifiers are always unique in out system.
